CRTX-221312 - TXOne StellarOne modeling and parsing rules (#44926)
demisto/content: Packs/TXOneStellarOne/README.md

## Supported log categories

| Category      | Category Display Name |
|:--------------|:----------------------|
| Agent Event   | Agent Event           |
| Console Log   | Console Log           |
| AUDIT_EVENT   | Audit Event           |
| SYSTEM_EVENT  | System Event          |

### Supported timestamp formats

* Epoch milliseconds (13-digit), e.g. `1765893322000`.
* `%b %d %Y %H:%M:%S GMT%Ez`, e.g. `Jan 01 2026 20:00:28 GMT+00:00`.

***

## Data Collection

### TXOne StellarOne side

Configure StellarOne to forward events to a Syslog server (the Cortex XSIAM Broker VM):

1. Log in to the StellarOne management console.
2. Navigate to **Administration** → **Configuration** → **Syslog**.
3. Enable **Send logs to a syslog server**.
4. Set the **Server address** to the Broker VM IP, the **Port**, and the **Protocol** (UDP/TCP/TLS).
5. Set the format to **CEF**.
6. Select the event types to forward (audit, system, console, and agent events).
7. Save the configuration.

For more information, contact TXOne StellarOne customer support for proper guidance on configuring Syslog forwarding.

### Cortex XSIAM side - Broker VM

> To create or configure the Broker VM, use the information described [here](https://docs-cortex.paloaltonetworks.com/r/Cortex-XSIAM/Cortex-XSIAM-Documentation/Set-up-and-configure-Broker-VM#).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For instructions on how to create or configure the Broker VM, see [Set up and configure Broker VM](https://docs-cortex.paloaltonetworks.com/r/Cortex-XSIAM/Cortex-XSIAM-Documentation/Set-up-and-configure-Broker-VM#).
```

> Follow the below steps to configure the Broker VM to receive TXOne StellarOne logs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the instructions below to configure the Broker VM to receive TXOne StellarOne logs:
```

1. Navigate to **Settings** → **Configuration** → **Data Broker** → **Broker VMs**.
2. Go to the **APPS** column under the **Brokers** tab and add the **Syslog** app for the relevant broker instance. If the **Syslog** app already exists, hover over it and click **Configure**.
3. Click **Add New**.
4. When configuring the Syslog Collector, set the following parameters:

    | Parameter    | Value                                                                                                                                |
    |:-------------|:-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

>     | `Protocol`   | Select **UDP** for the default forwarding, **TCP** or **Secure TCP** (depends on the protocol you configured in TXOne StellarOne).   |

Reviewer: This part isn't clear and I'm not sure what to suggest an alternative because I'm not sure what you're trying to say.

Maybe "Select **UDP** for the default forwarding, or, if you configured TXOne StellarOne to use **TCP** or **Secure TCP**, select one of those instead.”

>     | `Port`       | Enter the syslog service port that Cortex XSIAM Broker VM should listen on for receiving forwarded events from TXOne StellarOne.     |

Reviewer: This is awkwardly phrased. Maybe something like "Enter the syslog port where the Cortex XSIAM Broker VM will receive forwarded events from TXOne StellarOne."
